God, shave me!
Published on November 28, 2005.
I had this dream that I was shaving, with my electric shaver as always, and about halfway through the shave, the battery ran out!
It was really stressful, because for some reason I was in a hurry (class or something), and now I would be late + only half my face would be shaven!
I didn’t really think to plug the shaver in.
Anyway, when I woke up this morning I made sure to charge my Norelco beard trimmer 7200 so something terrible like that doesn’t really happen.
I was curious as to what me dream meant (beside being a ghost of November 28 future), so I looked up shaving on dreemmoods.com.
So apparently it means that:
To dream that you are shaving, suggests that you are making a minor
life-changing decision. Some aspect of your daily routine is being
altered. Alternatively, it may represent your severe attitude or self- punishment.
Of course, it could just mean that I didn’t shave all Thanksgiving weekend, and that I need a shave right now!